all the fathers and the mothers all the
sisters and the brothers talking
side-by-side who is he he's my father
what's his name his name is Paul where
is he he's in Paris what's he doing he's
standing in front of the Eiffel Tower
this is a really nice photograph thank
you it's my favorite photograph of my
father who is she she's my mother
oh look she's playing the piano yes
she's playing the piano in our living
room and is he your father yes he is
what's he doing he's eating dinner at
his favorite restaurant and who are they
she's my daughter Katie and he's my son
Matthew they're playing baseball in our
yard and who are they my sister and my
brother what are they doing are they
singing yes they're at my birthday party
they're singing happy birthday oh what a
nice photograph and this is Howard your
husband yes he's my husband well he
isn't watching TV no he isn't
he's sleeping in his favorite chair it's
a great photograph and who is she she's
my brother's wife
what's she playing basketball oh no
she's playing volleyball and here's the
rest of my family my grandmother and my
grandfather my aunt and uncle and my
cousin they're all together for my
grandmother's birthday party what a nice
family they're wonderful people
thanks for showing me your photo album
my pleasure I'm looking at the
photographs they're hanging in the home
I'm smiling at the memories looking at
the pictures on the wall my son Roberts
married now I'm living in LA hi dad my
daughter's working in Detroit I'm very
far away
I love you dad I'm looking at the
photographs they're hanging in the hall
I'm smiling at the memories looking at
the pictures on the wall my mom and dad
are dancing it's a very special day
we're having a good time my little
sister's crying it's my brother's
wedding day I'm so happy I'm looking at
the photographs they're hanging in Hall
I'm smiling at the memories looking at
the pictures on the wall I'm smiling at
the memory looking at the pictures